Add sum and cnt stats in LATENCY LATEST (#224)
valkey-io/valkey-doc: commands/latency-latest.md

* Unix timestamp of the latest latency spike for the event.
* Latest event latency in millisecond.
* All-time maximum latency for this event.

> * All-time summary latency for this event, added in 8.1.
> * The event count that trigger the latency, added in 8.1.

Reviewer: Sum != summary :smile:

"trigger the latency" sounds weird.

I found better words "latency spike" and "time series" on this page: https://valkey.io/topics/latency-monitor/

```suggestion
* Sum of the latencies recorded in the time series for this event, added in 8.1.
* The number of latency spikes recorded in the time series for this event, added in 8.1.
```

Author: > Sum != summary

haha, i did a search for it, seem like a bad search result.
